Rename KafkaClusterRef to KafkaService and refactor responsibilities (#61)
kroxylicious/design: proposals/001-kroxylicious-operator-api-v1alpha.md

* KafkaProxyIngress CR - Defines a way to access a KafkaProxy
* VirtualKafkaCluster CR - a virtual cluster
* KafkaProtocolFilter CR - a filter definition

> * KafkaService CR - description of a target kafka service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* KafkaService CR - describes how the proxy should connect to a target Kafka cluster
```

         x: y

  # Points to the cluster being proxied.  Can either be Strimzi Kafka resource or endpoint details.

>   kafkaServiceRef: # required

Reviewer 2: I think it can help people understand the resource if we include the role that the referred-to thing plays in the name of the property. I.e. `targetKafkaServiceRef` says a lot more to someone unfamiliar with the API than `kafkaServiceRef`.

Author: done

    selectorConfig: {}
```

## KafkaService

> KafkaService points to a Kafka cluster. It might be a Kafka cluster stood up on the same Kubernetes cluster, a Kafka cluster
> running on a remote Kubernetes cluster, it might be service running on bare metal, or a Kafka service of a Cloud Provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KafkaService represents, and encapsulates connection information for, a Kafka cluster. It might be a Kafka cluster stood up on the same Kubernetes cluster, a Kafka cluster
running on a remote Kubernetes cluster, it might be service running on bare metal, or a Kafka service of a Cloud Provider.
```

The KafkaService CR may the responsibility of a Developer or the Infrastructure admin.

The KafkaService is a spec only resource.  It may be referenced by many VirtualCluster belonging to the same Proxy, or

> VirtualClusters belonging to different proxies.

Author: I guess we're just being specific that there's no hierarchy here. Virtual clusters are associated with a single KafkaProxy. KafkaService's are not associated with anything in particular.

> The KafkaService is a spec only resource.  It may be referenced by many VirtualCluster belonging to the same Proxy, or
> VirtualClusters belonging to different proxies.

Reviewer: Ok, but wouldn't stopping the sentence after 
>referenced by many VirtualCluster.

Do the same? 

The following is a bit of mouthful but I think makes the point clearer.

```suggestion
The KafkaService is a spec only resource. It is global in scope and thus can be referenced by multiple VirtualCluster definitions regardless of the KafkaProxy instance hosting them.
```

  ingress:
  - name: myclusterip

>   targetKafkaServiceRef:

Author: would `proxiedKafkaServiceRef` be more easily understood by users?

Reviewer 2: The comment above is `# Points to the cluster being proxied`. It's interesting that such an explanation is necessary, and that that's the language we use there.

Reviewer: I dunno, I can see arguments both ways really. 

For me `target` encapsulates what it actually and I think fairly obvious what it means. My other hesitation is `proxiedKafkaService` is the result of applying the CRs so feels like a more natural name for a thing describing how to connect to Kafka via the proxy. 

But I can certainly see `proxiedKafkaServiceRef` as being easier to understand when just reading a CR without any context. 

That said the terminology we use in the proxy is `upstream` so to be consistent it should be `upstreamKafkaServerRef`

Reviewer 2: I'm fine with merging as-is.

> That said the terminology we use in the proxy is upstream so to be consistent it should be upstreamKafkaServerRef

Would be more compelling if we actually _liked_ that terminology. But we've questioned it in the past, so...
Also that terminology is usually used in a slightly different context: where we have two connections and want to distinguish them with a single qualifier and it's desirable for the one qualifier to be "the opposite" of the other. In contexts like this one we don't use the term "downstream cluster".

Author: issue to carry on https://github.com/kroxylicious/design/issues/63
